chore: extend README to include up-to-date examples and a high level overview of available functions. (#19)
kvc0/goodmetrics_rs: README.md

    "demo",
    MetricsBehavior::SuppressTotalTime,
);
```

### Create a dimension with a default value

In a distributed system, a unit of work may not fully complete and the `metrics` object will fall out of scope, causing any existing dimensions or measurements to be exported. This can lead to confusing behavior if a dimension was expected, but not present.

Using a `guarded_dimension` can provide a default value and export it should the object be dropped before expected:

```rust
let mut metrics = metrics_factory.record_scope("demo");
let result_dimension = metrics.guarded_dimension("my_api_result", "dropped_early");

// Perform work...
let result = serve_api_request(request);

match result {
    Ok(_) => {
        // Explicitly set the guarded dimension and overwrite the default value
        result_dimension.set("ok")
    },
    Err(_e) => {
        // Explicitly set the guarded dimension and overwrite the default value
        result_dimension.set("error");
        metrics.sum("errors", 1_u64)
    }
}
```

### Available metrics functions and when to use them

Latest docs can always be found on [docs.rs](https://docs.rs/goodmetrics/latest/goodmetrics/).

> A basic knowledge of [OpenTelemetry metric types](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/metrics/data-model/#metric-points) is expected, but a shortened guide can be summarized below:

Reviewer: I think if you want to put this in here it should go in a separate heading below this, `### Opentelemetry translation` or something like that. The translation per-type is kind of interesting, and probably deserves some explanation!

Author: Upon further reflection. we can always omit this

Author: https://github.com/kvc0/goodmetrics_rs/pull/19/commits/aadb97db80102ea54997e25e0db4f983fd1ec7b0

#### `metrics.measurement("name", value)`

> * Use when your aggregation of data requires things like the `min`, `max`, `sum`, and `count` of data points received.
> * Generates a `StatisticsSet`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use when you only need `min`, `max`, `sum`, and `count` of data points received.
* Use `sum()` instead if you only need `sum` or `count`.
* Use `distribution()` instead if you need percentiles of values.
* Aggregates locally into a `StatisticsSet`
```

#### `metrics.distribution("name", value)`

* Useful for identifying percentiles of data, like the 99th percentile of request sizes.

> * Generates a `Histogram` or `ExponentialHistogram` depending on configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Aggregates locally into a `Histogram` or `ExponentialHistogram` depending on configuration.
```

#### `metrics.sum("name", value)`

> * Useful for tracking a simple counter such as bytes stored on disk, or number of tokens consumed.
> * Generates a `Gauge`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds up all the sum calls for "name" within each reporting period.

* Useful for tracking a counter such as bytes stored on disk, or number of tokens consumed.
* Aggregates locally into a `Sum`.
```

> #### `metrics.time("name")`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `let _guard = metrics.time("name")`
```

* For measuring how long something takes within the given scope of code.

> * Generates a `Histogram` or `ExponentialHistogram` of latency values in nanoseconds, depending on configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Aggregates locally into `Histogram` or `ExponentialHistogram`, depending on configuration.
* Unit for timers is nanoseconds.
```
